docs: provide option for installing using a specific version via Helm (#12968)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/install.mdx

    kube-system       Active   18h
    ```

1. Install Consul on Kubernetes using Helm. The Helm chart does everything to set up a recommended Consul-on-Kubernetes deployment. After installation, a Consul cluster will be formed, a leader will be elected, and every node will have a running Consul agent. 
    1. To install the latest version of Consul on Kubernetes, issue the following command to install Consul with the default configuration using Helm. You could also install Consul on a dedicated namespace of your choosing by modifying the value of the `-n` flag for the Helm install.

       ```shell-session
       $ helm install consul hashicorp/consul --set global.name=consul --create-namespace --namespace consul
       ```
   

>     1. To install a specific version of Consul on Kubernetes, issue the following command which utilizes the `--version` flag to install with the default configuration using Helm.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. To install a specific version of Consul on Kubernetes, run the following command with `--version` flag to install the specified version with the default configuration using Helm.  
```

Author: @im2nguyen the `issue` verb was suggested by @trujillo-adam so perhaps we should leave it for now?
